You're here and that's all the matters.
Anyway, Natalia, tell me, did you hear from your cousin?
I did.
He called me the other day actually.
He wants me to come home.
Well, I wasn't expecting that.
He must have a good reason to ask you to come home.
Even all that happened two years ago.
There's a new army in California.
Apparently, they called themselves outcasts.
They're snapping up territory like it's a game of monopoly,
and they're certainly giving Blake Hunter a lot for his money.
I wish people would stop saying his name.
It makes me want to puke.
He's getting better.
But you know, he wants me to marry this guy.
Blake Hunter.
Well, I'll tell you one thing for a damn sure.
The Blake Hunter's always wanted to get his bloody hands on that moon-howlers pack.
What can we do to help, sweetie?
I think it's time to let her out.
My move.
Summon you, Leah.
Come forth!